api-reference/v1.0/api/drive_sharedwithme.md, before:

# List items shared with the signed-in user

Retrieve a collection of [DriveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) resources that have been shared with the owner of the [Drive](../resources/drive.md).

## Prerequisites
One of the following **scopes** is required to execute this API:

  * Files.Read

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```
GET /me/drive/sharedWithMe
```

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Example

<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "drive-sharedwithme", "scopes": "files.read" } -->
```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/sharedWithMe
```

## Response

This returns a collection of [DriveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) resources which contain the DriveItem resources shared with the owner of the drive.
In this example, since the drive is the user's default drive, this returns items shared with the signed in user.


<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItem", "isCollection": true, "truncated": true } -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "id": "1312abc",
      "remoteItem": {
        "id": "1991210caf!192",
        "name": "March Proposal.docx",
        "file": { },
        "size": 19121,
        "parentReference": {
          "driveId": "1991210caf",
          "id": "1991210caf!104"
        }
      }
    },
    {
      "id": "1312def",
      "remoteItem": {
        "id": "1991210caf!1991",
        "name": "Team Roster.xlsx",
        "file": { },
        "size": 37619,
        "parentReference": {
          "driveId": "1991210caf",
          "id": "1991210caf!104"
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Remarks

DriveItems returned from the **sharedWithMe** action will always include the [**remoteItem**](../resources/remoteitem.md) facet which indicates they are items from a different drive. 
To access the shared DriveItem resource, you will need to make a request using the information provided in **remoteItem** in the following format:

<!-- {"blockType": "ignored"} -->
```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/drives/{remoteItem.parentReference.driveId}/items/{remoteItem.id}
```

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Retrieve a list of files shared with the signed-in user.",
  "keywords": "sharedWithMe onedrive shared files",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "OneDrive/Drive/Shared with me"
} -->

Commit message:

Add required File.Read.All permission
If only the **Files.ReadWrite** permission is requested, the **parentReference** is not returned for *remoteItem*, one also needs the **Files.Read.All** permission.

api-reference/v1.0/api/drive_sharedwithme.md, after:

# List items shared with the signed-in user

Retrieve a collection of [DriveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) resources that have been shared with the owner of the [Drive](../resources/drive.md).

## Prerequisites
One of the following **scopes** is required to execute this API:

  * Files.Read

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```
GET /me/drive/sharedWithMe
```

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Example

<!-- { "blockType": "request", "name": "drive-sharedwithme", "scopes": "files.read" } -->
```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/sharedWithMe
```

## Response

This returns a collection of [DriveItem](../resources/driveitem.md) resources which contain the DriveItem resources shared with the owner of the drive.
In this example, since the drive is the user's default drive, this returns items shared with the signed in user.


<!-- { "blockType": "response", "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.driveItem", "isCollection": true, "truncated": true } -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "id": "1312abc",
      "remoteItem": {
        "id": "1991210caf!192",
        "name": "March Proposal.docx",
        "file": { },
        "size": 19121,
        "parentReference": {
          "driveId": "1991210caf",
          "id": "1991210caf!104"
        }
      }
    },
    {
      "id": "1312def",
      "remoteItem": {
        "id": "1991210caf!1991",
        "name": "Team Roster.xlsx",
        "file": { },
        "size": 37619,
        "parentReference": {
          "driveId": "1991210caf",
          "id": "1991210caf!104"
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Remarks

DriveItems returned from the **sharedWithMe** action will always include the [**remoteItem**](../resources/remoteitem.md) facet which indicates they are items from a different drive. The **File.Read.All** permission is required, otherwise **parentReference** is not present on the **remoteItem**.
To access the shared DriveItem resource, you will need to make a request using the information provided in **remoteItem** in the following format:

<!-- {"blockType": "ignored"} -->
```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/drives/{remoteItem.parentReference.driveId}/items/{remoteItem.id}
```

<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Retrieve a list of files shared with the signed-in user.",
  "keywords": "sharedWithMe onedrive shared files",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "OneDrive/Drive/Shared with me"
} -->
