api-reference/v1.0/api/user_get.md, before:

# Get a user

Retrieve the properties and relationships of user object.

> Note: Getting a user returns a default set of properties only (*businessPhones, displayName, givenName, id, jobTitle, mail, mobilePhone, officeLocation, preferredLanguage, surname, userPrincipalName*). Use `$select` to get the other properties and relationships for the [user](../resources/user.md) object.

## Prerequisites
One of the following **scopes** is required to execute this API:
*User.Read; User.ReadWrite; User.ReadBasic.All; User.Read.All; User.ReadWrite.All; Directory.Read.All; Directory.ReadWrite.All; Directory.AccessAsUser.All*
## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /users/{id | userPrincipalName}
```
## Optional query parameters
This method supports the [OData Query Parameters](http://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/docs/overview/query_parameters) to help customize the response.
## Request headers
| Header       | Value|
|:-----------|:------|
| Authorization  | Bearer <token>. Required.|
| Content-Type   | application/json | 

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.
## Response
If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and [user](../resources/user.md) object in the response body.
## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_user"
}-->
```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me
```
##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here may be truncated for brevity. All of the properties will be returned from an actual call.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.user"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json
Content-length: 491

{
  "businessPhones": [
       "businessPhones-value"
   ],
   "displayName": "displayName-value",
   "givenName": "givenName-value",
   "jobTitle": "jobTitle-value",
   "mail": "mail-value",
   "mobilePhone": "mobilePhone-value",
   "officeLocation": "officeLocation-value",
   "preferredLanguage": "preferredLanguage-value",
   "surname": "surname-value",
   "userPrincipalName": "userPrincipalName-value",
   "id": "id-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Get user",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

Update user_get with permissions known issues

api-reference/v1.0/api/user_get.md, after:

# Get a user

Retrieve the properties and relationships of user object.

> Note: Getting a user returns a default set of properties only (*businessPhones, displayName, givenName, id, jobTitle, mail, mobilePhone, officeLocation, preferredLanguage, surname, userPrincipalName*). Use `$select` to get the other properties and relationships for the [user](../resources/user.md) object.

## Prerequisites
One of the following **scopes** is required to execute this API:
*User.Read; User.ReadWrite; User.ReadBasic.All; User.Read.All; User.ReadWrite.All; Directory.Read.All; Directory.ReadWrite.All; Directory.AccessAsUser.All*

> [!NOTE] 
> *User.Read.All* and *User.ReadWrite.All* cannot perform any read operations on other users when the permission type is Application (client credentials). Alternatively select *Directory.Read.All* or *Directory.ReadWrite.All*. Check this and other Permission related issues in the [Release Notes](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/docs/overview/release_notes#microsoft-graph-permissions).
>
## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /users/{id | userPrincipalName}
```
## Optional query parameters
This method supports the [OData Query Parameters](http://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/docs/overview/query_parameters) to help customize the response.
## Request headers
| Header       | Value|
|:-----------|:------|
| Authorization  | Bearer <token>. Required.|
| Content-Type   | application/json | 

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.
## Response
If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and [user](../resources/user.md) object in the response body.
## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_user"
}-->
```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me
```
##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here may be truncated for brevity. All of the properties will be returned from an actual call.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.user"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json
Content-length: 491

{
  "businessPhones": [
       "businessPhones-value"
   ],
   "displayName": "displayName-value",
   "givenName": "givenName-value",
   "jobTitle": "jobTitle-value",
   "mail": "mail-value",
   "mobilePhone": "mobilePhone-value",
   "officeLocation": "officeLocation-value",
   "preferredLanguage": "preferredLanguage-value",
   "surname": "surname-value",
   "userPrincipalName": "userPrincipalName-value",
   "id": "id-value"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Get user",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
