api-reference/resources/identityriskevent.md, before:

# identityRiskEvent resource type

A risk event detected by [Azure Active Directory Identity Protection](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/active-directory-identityprotection/). Specific risk event types include:
* [sign-ins from anonymous IP addresses](anonymousipriskevent.md)
* [sign-ins from malware-infected devices](malwareriskevent.md)
* [impossible travel to atypical locations](impossibletravelriskevent.md)
* [users with leaked credentials](leakedcredentialsriskevent.md)
* [sign-ins from suspicious IP addresses](suspiciousipriskevent.md)
* [sign-ins from unfamiliar locations](unfamiliarlocationriskevent.md)
Complete information about risk events can be found in the [Azure AD Identity Protection documentation](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/active-directory-identityprotection-risk-events-types/).


### Methods

| Method		   | Return Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|[Get identityRiskEvent](../api/identityriskevent_get.md) | [identityRiskEvent](identityriskevent.md) |Read properties and relationships of identityRiskEvent object.|

### Properties
| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|closedDateTime|dateTimeOffset| The date and time that the risk event was closed|
|createdDateTime|dateTimeOffset| The date and time that the risk event was created. This is always greater than or equal to the datetime of the risk event itself. This is the correct property to use as a filter when querying risk events.|
|id|string| Read-only|
|riskEventDateTime|dateTimeOffset| The date and time when the risk event occurred|
|riskEventStatus|string| Possible values are: `active`, `remediated`, `dismissedAsFixed`, `dismissedAsFalsePositive`, `dismissedAsIgnore`, `loginBlocked`, `closedMfaAuto`, `closedMultipleReasons`.|
|riskLevel|string| Possible values are: `low`, `medium`, `high`.|
|riskEventType|string| The type of risk|
|userDisplayName|string| The name of the user at risk|
|userId|string| The id of the user at risk|
|userPrincipalName|string| The user principal name of the user at risk|

### Relationships
| Relationship | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|impactedUser|[user](user.md)| Read-only. Nullable.|

### JSON representation

Here is a JSON representation of the resource.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "optionalProperties": [

  ],
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.identityRiskEvent"
}-->

```json
{
  "closedDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "createdDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "id": "string (identifier)",
  "riskEventDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "riskEventStatus": "string",
  "riskLevel": "string",
  "riskType": "string",
  "userDisplayName": "string",
  "userId": "string",
  "userPrincipalName": "string"
}

```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "identityRiskEvent resource",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

Added list methods to risk event entities, updated root file with list methods

api-reference/resources/identityriskevent.md, after:

# identityRiskEvent resource type

A risk event detected by [Azure Active Directory Identity Protection](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/active-directory-identityprotection/). Specific risk event types include:
* [sign-ins from anonymous IP addresses](anonymousipriskevent.md)
* [sign-ins from malware-infected devices](malwareriskevent.md)
* [impossible travel to atypical locations](impossibletravelriskevent.md)
* [users with leaked credentials](leakedcredentialsriskevent.md)
* [sign-ins from suspicious IP addresses](suspiciousipriskevent.md)
* [sign-ins from unfamiliar locations](unfamiliarlocationriskevent.md)
Complete information about risk events can be found in the [Azure AD Identity Protection documentation](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/active-directory-identityprotection-risk-events-types/).


### Methods

| Method		   | Return Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|[Get identityRiskEvent](../api/identityriskevent_get.md) | [identityRiskEvent](identityriskevent.md) |Read properties and relationships of identityRiskEvent object.|
|[List identityRiskEvent](../api/identityriskevent_list.md) | [identityRiskEvent](identityriskevent.md) |Read properties and relationships of a collection of identityRiskEvent objects.|

### Properties
| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|closedDateTime|dateTimeOffset| The date and time that the risk event was closed|
|createdDateTime|dateTimeOffset| The date and time that the risk event was created. This is always greater than or equal to the datetime of the risk event itself. This is the correct property to use as a filter when querying risk events.|
|id|string| Read-only|
|riskEventDateTime|dateTimeOffset| The date and time when the risk event occurred|
|riskEventStatus|string| Possible values are: `active`, `remediated`, `dismissedAsFixed`, `dismissedAsFalsePositive`, `dismissedAsIgnore`, `loginBlocked`, `closedMfaAuto`, `closedMultipleReasons`.|
|riskLevel|string| Possible values are: `low`, `medium`, `high`.|
|riskEventType|string| The type of risk|
|userDisplayName|string| The name of the user at risk|
|userId|string| The id of the user at risk|
|userPrincipalName|string| The user principal name of the user at risk|

### Relationships
| Relationship | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|impactedUser|[user](user.md)| Read-only. Nullable.|

### JSON representation

Here is a JSON representation of the resource.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "optionalProperties": [

  ],
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.identityRiskEvent"
}-->

```json
{
  "closedDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "createdDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "id": "string (identifier)",
  "riskEventDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "riskEventStatus": "string",
  "riskLevel": "string",
  "riskType": "string",
  "userDisplayName": "string",
  "userId": "string",
  "userPrincipalName": "string"
}

```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "identityRiskEvent resource",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
