api-reference/resources/malwareriskevent.md, before:

# malwareRiskEvent resource type

A risk event detected by [Azure Active Directory Identity Protection](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/active-directory-identityprotection/) where an account sign-in is attempted from a device infected with malware. Complete information about risk events can be found in the [Azure AD Identity Protection documentation](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/active-directory-identityprotection-risk-events-types/).


### Methods

| Method		   | Return Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|[Get malwareRiskEvent](../api/malwareriskevent_get.md) | [malwareRiskEvent](malwareriskevent.md) |Read properties and relationships of malwareRiskEvent object.|

### Properties
| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|closedDateTime|dateTimeOffset| The date and time that the risk event was closed|
|createdDateTime|dateTimeOffset| The date and time that the risk event was created. This is always greater than or equal to the datetime of the risk event itself. This is the correct property to use as a filter when querying risk events.|
|deviceInformation|string| Information about the device|
|id|string| Read-only|
|ipAddress|string| The IP address of the sign-in|
|location|string| The location attached to the IP address of the sign-in|
|malwareName|string| The malware associated with this login|
|riskEventDateTime|dateTimeOffset| The date and time when the risk event occurred|
|riskEventStatus|string| Possible values are: `active`, `remediated`, `dismissedAsFixed`, `dismissedAsFalsePositive`, `dismissedAsIgnore`, `loginBlocked`, `closedMfaAuto`, `closedMultipleReasons`.|
|riskLevel|string| Possible values are: `low`, `medium`, `high`.|
|riskEventType|string| The type of risk|
|userDisplayName|string| The name of the user at risk|
|userId|string| The id of the user at risk|
|userPrincipalName|string| The user principal name of the user at risk|

### Relationships
| Relationship | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|impactedUser|[user](user.md)| Read-only. Nullable.|

### JSON representation

Here is a JSON representation of the resource.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "optionalProperties": [

  ],
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.malwareRiskEvent"
}-->

```json
{
  "malwareName": "string",
  "closedDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "createdDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "deviceInformation": "string",
  "id": "string (identifier)",
  "ipAddress": "string",
  "location": "string",
  "riskEventDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "riskEventStatus": "string",
  "riskLevel": "string",
  "riskType": "string",
  "userDisplayName": "string",
  "userId": "string",
  "userPrincipalName": "string"
}

```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "malwareRiskEvent resource",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

Added list methods to risk event entities, updated root file with list methods

api-reference/resources/malwareriskevent.md, after:

# malwareRiskEvent resource type

A risk event detected by [Azure Active Directory Identity Protection](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/active-directory-identityprotection/) where an account sign-in is attempted from a device infected with malware. Complete information about risk events can be found in the [Azure AD Identity Protection documentation](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/active-directory-identityprotection-risk-events-types/).


### Methods

| Method		   | Return Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|[Get malwareRiskEvent](../api/malwareriskevent_get.md) | [malwareRiskEvent](malwareriskevent.md) |Read properties and relationships of malwareRiskEvent object.|
|[List malwareRiskEvent](../api/malwareriskevent_list.md) | [malwareRiskEvent](malwareriskevent.md) |Read properties and relationships of a collection of malwareRiskEvent objects.|

### Properties
| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|closedDateTime|dateTimeOffset| The date and time that the risk event was closed|
|createdDateTime|dateTimeOffset| The date and time that the risk event was created. This is always greater than or equal to the datetime of the risk event itself. This is the correct property to use as a filter when querying risk events.|
|deviceInformation|string| Information about the device|
|id|string| Read-only|
|ipAddress|string| The IP address of the sign-in|
|location|string| The location attached to the IP address of the sign-in|
|malwareName|string| The malware associated with this login|
|riskEventDateTime|dateTimeOffset| The date and time when the risk event occurred|
|riskEventStatus|string| Possible values are: `active`, `remediated`, `dismissedAsFixed`, `dismissedAsFalsePositive`, `dismissedAsIgnore`, `loginBlocked`, `closedMfaAuto`, `closedMultipleReasons`.|
|riskLevel|string| Possible values are: `low`, `medium`, `high`.|
|riskEventType|string| The type of risk|
|userDisplayName|string| The name of the user at risk|
|userId|string| The id of the user at risk|
|userPrincipalName|string| The user principal name of the user at risk|

### Relationships
| Relationship | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|impactedUser|[user](user.md)| Read-only. Nullable.|

### JSON representation

Here is a JSON representation of the resource.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "optionalProperties": [

  ],
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.malwareRiskEvent"
}-->

```json
{
  "malwareName": "string",
  "closedDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "createdDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "deviceInformation": "string",
  "id": "string (identifier)",
  "ipAddress": "string",
  "location": "string",
  "riskEventDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "riskEventStatus": "string",
  "riskLevel": "string",
  "riskType": "string",
  "userDisplayName": "string",
  "userId": "string",
  "userPrincipalName": "string"
}

```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "malwareRiskEvent resource",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
