api-reference/resources/profilephoto.md, before:

# profilePhoto resource type
A profile photo of a user, group or an Outlook contact. It's binary data not encoded in base-64.

### Methods

| Method       | Return Type  |Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|[Get profilePhoto](../api/profilephoto_get.md) | [profilePhoto](profilephoto.md) |Read the photo and properties of **profilePhoto**. |
|[Update](../api/profilephoto_update.md) | [profilePhoto](profilephoto.md)  |Update the photo. |


### Properties
| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|id|string|Read-only.|
|height|int32|The height of the photo. Read-only.|
|width|int32|The width of the photo. Read-only.|


### Relationships
None


### JSON representation

Here is a JSON representation of the resource.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "optionalProperties": [

  ],
  "keyProperty": "id",
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.profilePhoto"
}-->

```json
{
  "id": "240X240",
  "height": 240,
  "width": 240
}

```
<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "profilePhoto resource",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

Added content to answer customer question about getting photo from mailbox and AAD, and supported photo sizes. Also added real examples to get photo and photo metadata. And added support for any user in the tenant.

api-reference/resources/profilephoto.md, after:

# profilePhoto resource type
A profile photo of a user, group or an Outlook contact accessed from Exchange Online or Azure Active Directory (AAD). It's binary data not encoded in base-64.

The supported sizes of HD photos on Exchange Online are as follows: '48x48', '64x64', '96x96', '120x120', 
'240x240', '360x360','432x432', '504x504', and '648x648'. On AAD, photos can be any dimension.

### Methods

| Method       | Return Type  |Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|[Get profilePhoto](../api/profilephoto_get.md) | [profilePhoto](profilephoto.md) |Get the specified **profilePhoto** or its metadata (profilePhoto properties).|
|[Update](../api/profilephoto_update.md) | [profilePhoto](profilephoto.md)  |Assign a photo to the specified user, group, or contact. The photo should be in binary. It replaces the existing photo, if any.|


### Properties
| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|id|string|Read-only.|
|height|int32|The height of the photo. Read-only.|
|width|int32|The width of the photo. Read-only.|


### Relationships
None


### JSON representation

Here is a JSON representation of the resource.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "optionalProperties": [

  ],
  "keyProperty": "id",
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.profilePhoto"
}-->

```json
{
  "id": "240X240",
  "height": 240,
  "width": 240
}

```
<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "profilePhoto resource",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
