api-reference/beta/api/group_list_memberof.md, before:

# List memberOf

Get groups that the group is a direct member of. 

This operation is not transitive. Unlike getting a user's Office 365 Groups, this 
returns all types of groups, not just Office 365 groups. 

### Prerequisites
One of the following **scopes** is required to execute this API: *Group.Read.All*
### HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /groups/<id>/memberOf
```
### Optional query parameters
This method supports the [OData Query Parameters](http://graph.microsoft.io/docs/overview/query_parameters) to help customize the response.
### Request headers
| Name       | Type | Description|
|:-----------|:------|:----------|
| Authorization  | string  | Bearer <token>. Required. |

### Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.
### Response
If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and collection of [directoryObject](../resources/directoryobject.md) objects in the response body.
### Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_memberof"
}-->
```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/groups/<id>/memberOf
```
##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here may be truncated for brevity. All of the properties will be returned from an actual call.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.directoryObject",
  "isCollection": true
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json
Content-length: 55

{
  "value": [
    {
      "id": "id-value"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "List memberOf",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

New topics and operations for Adminstrative Units

api-reference/beta/api/group_list_memberof.md, after:

# List memberOf

Get groups and administrative units that the group is a direct member of. 

This operation is not transitive. Unlike getting a user's Office 365 Groups, this 
returns all types of groups, not just Office 365 groups. 

### Prerequisites
One of the following **scopes** is required to execute this API: *Group.Read.All* or *Directory.Read.All* or *Directory.ReadWrite.All* or *Directory.AccessAsUser.All*.

### HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /groups/<id>/memberOf
```
### Optional query parameters
This method supports the [OData Query Parameters](http://graph.microsoft.io/docs/overview/query_parameters) to help customize the response.
### Request headers
| Name       | Type | Description|
|:-----------|:------|:----------|
| Authorization  | string  | Bearer <token>. Required. |

### Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.
### Response
If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and collection of [directoryObject](../resources/directoryobject.md) objects in the response body.
### Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_memberof"
}-->
```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/groups/<id>/memberOf
```
##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here may be truncated for brevity. All of the properties will be returned from an actual call.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.directoryObject",
  "isCollection": true
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json
Content-length: 55

{
  "value": [
    {
      "id": "id-value"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "List memberOf",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
