overview/query_parameters.md, before:

# Microsoft Graph optional query parameters

Microsoft Graph provides several optional query parameters that you can use to specify and control the amount of data returned in a response. Microsoft Graph supports the following query options.

|Name|Description|Example (click examples to try in [Graph Explorer][graph-explorer])
|:---------------|:--------|:-------|
|[`$filter`](#filter)|Filters results (rows).|[`/users?$filter=startswith(givenName,'J')`](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/graph-explorer?request=users?$filter=startswith(givenName,'J')&method=GET&version=v1.0)
|[`$select`](#select)|Filters properties (columns).|[`/users?$select=givenName,surname`](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/graph-explorer?request=users?$select=givenName,surname&method=GET&version=v1.0)
|[`$expand`](#expand)|Retrieves related resources.|[`/groups/{id}?$expand=members`](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/graph-explorer?request=groups/22be6ccb-15a5-459f-94ac-d1393bdd9e66?$expand=members&method=GET&version=v1.0)
|[`$orderby`](#orderby)|Orders results.|[`/users?$orderby=displayName,userPrincipalName desc`](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/graph-explorer?request=users?$orderby=displayName,userPrincipalName%20DESC&method=GET&version=v1.0)
|[`$top`](#top)|Limits results. Typically used with `$skipToken`.|[`/users?$top=2`](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/graph-explorer?request=users?$top=2&method=GET&version=v1.0)
|[`$skipToken`](#skiptoken)|Used with `$top` to retrieve a page of results.|See `nextLink` from the $top query for an example.
|[`$count`](#count)|Retrieves the total count of matching resources.|[`/me/messages?$top=2&$count=true`](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/graph-explorer?request=me/messages?$top=2%26$count=true&method=GET&version=v1.0)
<!-- TODO: figure out whether $search is actually used
|[`$search`](#search)|A property and value pair separated by a colon.|
-->

These parameters are compatible with the [OData V4 query language][odata-query].

> **Note:** On the Microsoft Graph `beta` endpoint, you can omit the `$` prefix for a simpler experience. For example, instead of `$expand`, you can use `expand`. For more details and examples, see [Supporting query parameters without $ prefixes in Microsoft Graph](http://dev.office.com/queryparametersinMicrosoftGraph).

**Encoding query parameters:**

- If you are trying out query parameters in the [Microsoft Graph Explorer][graph-explorer], you can just copy and paste the examples below without applying any URL-encoding to the query string. The following example works fine _in the Graph Explorer_ without encoding the space and quote characters:

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/messages?$filter=from/emailAddress/address eq 'jon@contoso.com'
```

- In general, when specifying query parameters _in your app_, make sure you appropriately encode characters that are [reserved for special meanings in an URI](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986#section-2.2). For example, encode the space and quote characters in the last example, as shown:

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/messages?$filter=from/emailAddress/address%20eq%20%27jon@contoso.com%27
```

## `$filter`

To filter the response data based on a set of criteria, use the `$filter` query option.
For example, to return users in the organization filter by display name that starts with "Garth", the syntax is as follows:

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users?$filter=startswith(displayName,'Garth')
```

You can also filter by complex type entities.
The following example returns messages that have the `address` field of the `from` property equal to `jon@contoso.com`. The `from` property is of the complex type `emailAddress`.

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/messages?$filter=from/emailAddress/address eq 'jon@contoso.com'
```

## `$select`

To specify a different set of properties to return than the default set provided by the Graph, use the `$select` query option.
The `$select` option allows for choosing a subset or superset of the default set returned.
For example, when retrieving your messages, you might want to select that only the `from` and `subject` properties of messages are returned.

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/messages?$select=from,subject
```

<!--For example, when retrieving the children of an item on a drive, you want to select that only the `name` and `size` properties of items are returned.

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/root/children?$select=name,size
```

By submitting the request with the `$select=name,size` query string, the objects
in the response will only have those property values included.

```json
{
  "value": [
    {
      "id": "13140a9sd9aba",
      "name": "Documents",
      "size": 1024
    },
    {
      "id": "123901909124a",
      "name": "Pictures",
      "size": 1012010210
    }
  ]
}
```-->

## `$expand`

In Microsoft Graph API requests, navigations to an object or collection of the referenced item are not automatically expanded.
This is by design because it reduces network traffic and the time it takes to generate a response from the service.
However, in some cases you might want to include those results in a response.

You can use the `$expand` query string parameter to instruct the API to expand a child object or collection and include those results.

For example, to retrieve the root drive information and the top level child items in a drive, you use the `$expand` parameter.
This example also uses a [`$select`](#select) statement to only return the `id` and `name` properties of the children items.

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/root?$expand=children($select=id,name)
```

> **Note:** The maximum number of expanded objects for a request is 20. Also, if you query on the [`user`](http://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/docs/api-reference/v1.0/resources/user) resource, you can use `$expand` to get the properties of only one child object or collection at a time.

The following example gets `user` objects, each with up to 20 `directReport` objects in the `directReports` collection expanded:

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users?$expand=directReports
```

Some other resources may have a limit as well, so always check for possible errors.

<!---The following shows a sample result that is returned in the response body.-->

## `$orderby`

To specify the sort order of the items returned from the Microsof Graph API, use the `$orderby` query option.

For example, to return the users in the organization ordered by their display name, the syntax is as follows:

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users?$orderby=displayName
```

You can also sort by complex type entities. The following example gets messages and sorts them by the `address` field of the `from` property, which is of the complex type `emailAddress`:

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/messages?$orderby=from/emailAddress/address
```

To sort the results in ascending or descending order, append either `asc` or `desc` to the field name, separated by a space, for example, `?$orderby=name%20desc`.

 > **Note:** If you query on the [`user`](../api-reference/v1.0/resources/user.md) resource, `$orderby` can't be combined with filter expressions.

## `$top`

To specify the maximum number of items to return in a result set, use the `$top` query option.
The `$top` query option identifies a subset in the collection. This subset is formed by selecting only the first N items of the set, where N is a positive integer specified by this query option.
For example, to return the first five messages in the user's mailbox, the syntax is as follows:

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/messages?$top=5
```

## `$skip`

To set the number of items to skip before retrieving items in a collection, use the `$skip` query option.
For example, to return events sorted by date created, and starting with the 21st event, the syntax is as follows.

```http
GET  https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/events?$orderby=createdDateTime&$skip=20
```

## `$skipToken`

To request second and subsequent pages of Graph data use the `$skipToken` query option.
The `$skipToken` query option is an option provided in Urls returned from the Graph when the Graph has returned a partial subset of results, usually due to server-side paging.
It identifies the point in a collection where the server finished sending results, and is passed back to the Graph to indicate where it should resume sending results from.
For example, the value of a `$skipToken` query option could identify the tenth item in a collection or the 20th item in a collection containing 50 items, or any other position within the collection.

In some responses, you'll see an `@odata.nextLink` value.
Some of them include a `$skipToken` value.
The `$skipToken` value is like a marker that tells the service where to resume for the next set of results.
The following is an example of a `@odata.nextLink` value from a response where users have been requested ordered by `displayName`:

```json
"@odata.nextLink": "https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users?$orderby=displayName&$skiptoken=X%2783630372100000000000000000000%27"
```

To return the next page of users in your organization, the syntax is as follows.

```http
GET  https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users?$orderby=displayName&$skiptoken=X%2783630372100000000000000000000%27
```

## `$count`

Use `$count` as a query parameter to include a count of the total number of items in a collection alongside the page of data values returned from the Graph, as in the following example:

```http
GET  https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/contacts?$count=true
```

This would return both the `contacts` collection, and the number of items in the `contacts` collection in the `@odata.count` property.

>**Note:** This is not supported for [`directoryObject`](http://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/docs/api-reference/v1.0/resources/directoryobject) collections.

## `search`

To restrict the results of a request that match a search criterion, use the `$search` query parameter.

> **Note:** You can currently search messages but not contacts or events. A `$search` request returns up to 250 results. You cannot use [`$filter`](#filter) or [`$orderby`](#orderby) in a search request.

Search criteria are expressed using Advanced Query Syntax (AQS). The results are sorted by the date and time that the message was sent.

You can specify the following properties on a `message` in a `$search` criterion:
`attachments`, `bccRecipients`, `body`, `category`, `ccRecipients`, `content`, `from`, `hasAttachments`, `participants`, `receivedDateTime`, `sender`, `subject`, `toRecipients`

If you do a search on messages and specify only a value, the search is carried out on the default search properties of `from`, `subject` and `body`.

The following example returns all messages in the signed-in user's Inbox that contains "pizza" in any of the three default search properties:

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/messages?$search="pizza"
```

The next example searches all messages in the user's Inbox that were sent from a specific email address:

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/messages?$search="from:help@contoso.com"
```

[graph-explorer]: https://graph.microsoft.io/en-us/graph-explorer
[odata-query]: http://docs.oasis-open.org/odata/odata/v4.0/odata-v4.0-part2-url-conventions.html#_Toc453752356

Commit message:

query_parameters.md: Clean up query param encoding

overview/query_parameters.md, after:

# Microsoft Graph optional query parameters

Microsoft Graph provides several optional query parameters that you can use to specify and control the amount of data returned in a response. Microsoft Graph supports the following query options.

|Name|Description|Example (click examples to try in [Graph Explorer][graph-explorer])
|:---------------|:--------|:-------|
|[`$filter`](#filter)|Filters results (rows).|[`/users?$filter=startswith(givenName,'J')`](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/graph-explorer?request=users?$filter=startswith(givenName,'J')&method=GET&version=v1.0)
|[`$select`](#select)|Filters properties (columns).|[`/users?$select=givenName,surname`](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/graph-explorer?request=users?$select=givenName,surname&method=GET&version=v1.0)
|[`$expand`](#expand)|Retrieves related resources.|[`/groups/{id}?$expand=members`](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/graph-explorer?request=groups/22be6ccb-15a5-459f-94ac-d1393bdd9e66?$expand=members&method=GET&version=v1.0)
|[`$orderby`](#orderby)|Orders results.|[`/users?$orderby=displayName,userPrincipalName desc`](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/graph-explorer?request=users?$orderby=displayName,userPrincipalName%20DESC&method=GET&version=v1.0)
|[`$top`](#top)|Limits results. Typically used with `$skipToken`.|[`/users?$top=2`](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/graph-explorer?request=users?$top=2&method=GET&version=v1.0)
|[`$skipToken`](#skiptoken)|Used with `$top` to retrieve a page of results.|See `nextLink` from the $top query for an example.
|[`$count`](#count)|Retrieves the total count of matching resources.|[`/me/messages?$top=2&$count=true`](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/graph-explorer?request=me/messages?$top=2%26$count=true&method=GET&version=v1.0)
<!-- TODO: figure out whether $search is actually used
|[`$search`](#search)|A property and value pair separated by a colon.|
-->

These parameters are compatible with the [OData V4 query language][odata-query].

> **Note:** On the `beta` endpoint, the `$` prefix is optional. For example, instead of `$filter`, you can use `filter`. For more details and examples, see [Supporting query parameters without $ prefixes in Microsoft Graph](http://dev.office.com/queryparametersinMicrosoftGraph).

**Encoding query parameters:**

The values of query parameters should be percent-encoded. Many HTTP clients, browsers and tools (e.g., the [Graph Explorer][graph-explorer]) will help you with this. If a query is failing, one possible reason is failure to encode the values of query parameters appropriately.

An unencoded URL looks like this:

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users?$filter=startswith(givenName, 'J')
```

An encoded URL looks like this:

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users?$filter=startswith(givenName%2C+'J')
```

## `$filter`

To filter the response data based on a set of criteria, use the `$filter` query option.
For example, to return users in the organization filter by display name that starts with "Garth", the syntax is as follows:

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users?$filter=startswith(displayName,'Garth')
```

You can also filter by complex type entities.
The following example returns messages that have the `address` field of the `from` property equal to `jon@contoso.com`. The `from` property is of the complex type `emailAddress`.

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/messages?$filter=from/emailAddress/address eq 'jon@contoso.com'
```

## `$select`

To specify a different set of properties to return than the default set provided by the Graph, use the `$select` query option.
The `$select` option allows for choosing a subset or superset of the default set returned.
For example, when retrieving your messages, you might want to select that only the `from` and `subject` properties of messages are returned.

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/messages?$select=from,subject
```

<!--For example, when retrieving the children of an item on a drive, you want to select that only the `name` and `size` properties of items are returned.

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/root/children?$select=name,size
```

By submitting the request with the `$select=name,size` query string, the objects
in the response will only have those property values included.

```json
{
  "value": [
    {
      "id": "13140a9sd9aba",
      "name": "Documents",
      "size": 1024
    },
    {
      "id": "123901909124a",
      "name": "Pictures",
      "size": 1012010210
    }
  ]
}
```-->

## `$expand`

In Microsoft Graph API requests, navigations to an object or collection of the referenced item are not automatically expanded.
This is by design because it reduces network traffic and the time it takes to generate a response from the service.
However, in some cases you might want to include those results in a response.

You can use the `$expand` query string parameter to instruct the API to expand a child object or collection and include those results.

For example, to retrieve the root drive information and the top level child items in a drive, you use the `$expand` parameter.
This example also uses a [`$select`](#select) statement to only return the `id` and `name` properties of the children items.

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/drive/root?$expand=children($select=id,name)
```

> **Note:** The maximum number of expanded objects for a request is 20. Also, if you query on the [`user`](http://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/docs/api-reference/v1.0/resources/user) resource, you can use `$expand` to get the properties of only one child object or collection at a time.

The following example gets `user` objects, each with up to 20 `directReport` objects in the `directReports` collection expanded:

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users?$expand=directReports
```

Some other resources may have a limit as well, so always check for possible errors.

<!---The following shows a sample result that is returned in the response body.-->

## `$orderby`

To specify the sort order of the items returned from the Microsof Graph API, use the `$orderby` query option.

For example, to return the users in the organization ordered by their display name, the syntax is as follows:

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users?$orderby=displayName
```

You can also sort by complex type entities. The following example gets messages and sorts them by the `address` field of the `from` property, which is of the complex type `emailAddress`:

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/messages?$orderby=from/emailAddress/address
```

To sort the results in ascending or descending order, append either `asc` or `desc` to the field name, separated by a space, for example, `?$orderby=name%20desc`.

 > **Note:** If you query on the [`user`](../api-reference/v1.0/resources/user.md) resource, `$orderby` can't be combined with filter expressions.

## `$top`

To specify the maximum number of items to return in a result set, use the `$top` query option.
The `$top` query option identifies a subset in the collection. This subset is formed by selecting only the first N items of the set, where N is a positive integer specified by this query option.
For example, to return the first five messages in the user's mailbox, the syntax is as follows:

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/messages?$top=5
```

## `$skip`

To set the number of items to skip before retrieving items in a collection, use the `$skip` query option.
For example, to return events sorted by date created, and starting with the 21st event, the syntax is as follows.

```http
GET  https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/events?$orderby=createdDateTime&$skip=20
```

## `$skipToken`

To request second and subsequent pages of Graph data use the `$skipToken` query option.
The `$skipToken` query option is an option provided in Urls returned from the Graph when the Graph has returned a partial subset of results, usually due to server-side paging.
It identifies the point in a collection where the server finished sending results, and is passed back to the Graph to indicate where it should resume sending results from.
For example, the value of a `$skipToken` query option could identify the tenth item in a collection or the 20th item in a collection containing 50 items, or any other position within the collection.

In some responses, you'll see an `@odata.nextLink` value.
Some of them include a `$skipToken` value.
The `$skipToken` value is like a marker that tells the service where to resume for the next set of results.
The following is an example of a `@odata.nextLink` value from a response where users have been requested ordered by `displayName`:

```json
"@odata.nextLink": "https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users?$orderby=displayName&$skiptoken=X%2783630372100000000000000000000%27"
```

To return the next page of users in your organization, the syntax is as follows.

```http
GET  https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/users?$orderby=displayName&$skiptoken=X%2783630372100000000000000000000%27
```

## `$count`

Use `$count` as a query parameter to include a count of the total number of items in a collection alongside the page of data values returned from the Graph, as in the following example:

```http
GET  https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/contacts?$count=true
```

This would return both the `contacts` collection, and the number of items in the `contacts` collection in the `@odata.count` property.

>**Note:** This is not supported for [`directoryObject`](http://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/docs/api-reference/v1.0/resources/directoryobject) collections.

## `search`

To restrict the results of a request that match a search criterion, use the `$search` query parameter.

> **Note:** You can currently search messages but not contacts or events. A `$search` request returns up to 250 results. You cannot use [`$filter`](#filter) or [`$orderby`](#orderby) in a search request.

Search criteria are expressed using Advanced Query Syntax (AQS). The results are sorted by the date and time that the message was sent.

You can specify the following properties on a `message` in a `$search` criterion:
`attachments`, `bccRecipients`, `body`, `category`, `ccRecipients`, `content`, `from`, `hasAttachments`, `participants`, `receivedDateTime`, `sender`, `subject`, `toRecipients`

If you do a search on messages and specify only a value, the search is carried out on the default search properties of `from`, `subject` and `body`.

The following example returns all messages in the signed-in user's Inbox that contains "pizza" in any of the three default search properties:

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/messages?$search="pizza"
```

The next example searches all messages in the user's Inbox that were sent from a specific email address:

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/messages?$search="from:help@contoso.com"
```

[graph-explorer]: https://graph.microsoft.io/en-us/graph-explorer
[odata-query]: http://docs.oasis-open.org/odata/odata/v4.0/odata-v4.0-part2-url-conventions.html#_Toc453752356
